and Sao I'm going to show you how to
prepare simple Korean Hong Kong go home
today's episode is short ribs Korean
barbeque or Kylie I have a four pounds
of meat one cup of a soy sauce 1 cup of
sugar 2 tbsp of a sesame seed oil 1
teaspoon of black pepper 1 onion life to
thoroughly about 10 cloves 1 Asian pear
I'm going to puree the onion pale colors
in the food processor mix all the
ingredients in the mixing bowl put them
in the mixing bowl 1 piece at a time
buy a few pieces at a time to make sure
that all the meat will be soaked in salt
keep them in the refrigerator overnight
or minimum 5 hours heat up the grill to
450 degrees cook it for 5 minutes flip
it over and then cook you for another 5
minutes
Alex serving Barbie with the Hawaiian
potato salad
from lies for my husband and white rice
for my son
garnish with green onion and sesame seed
there are some Banton on the side today
I'm serving kimchi and bean sprouts what
to number there you have it a simple
Korean poem from you at home a negative